Hi everyone! I'm Jamie.
I'm your Community Relations Facilitator in Callahan, and
today I'm going to show you how to recycle in the residence halls.
Your trash and your cardboards will be outside.
Your recycling will go in the recycling station
that's located in the first floor lobby.
Most of your recycling will be in these bins.
Paper and paper boards
like these, can go in the bins.
You can also recycle bottles, cans, and jugs.
Just make sure they're clean
and nothing is inside.
Corrugated cardboard and trash go outside.
Corrugated cardboard is
a thicker kind of cardboard.
It has a wavy middle layer.
It needs to be flattened
and thrown in the cardboard dumpster.
There are some things that can't be recycled,
like pizza boxes with grease or food inside.
They have to go into the trash.
Plastic containers that aren't shaped like
bottles or jugs can't be recycled.
They also have to go into the trash.
If you have any questions,
refer to the UHDS website
or ask your hall's staff members.
Thank you for helping us recycle
and making the halls nicer for everyone to live in.